README.md, before:

Odin Recipes
============

***First project of The Odin Project***

# Summary

This is the first project of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com), used to test one's knowledge of the foundations so far.

---

# Recipes

## Pão de Queijo

Cheese bread that apparently exists in other places in Latin America, not only Brazil[^2]. Gets kinda boring if you eat too much of it, but if you fill it with cream cheese it's perfect.

---

# Skills

By the end of this project, I'll have demonstrated that I can use:

1. [Git](https://git-scm.com).
2. [GitHub](https://github.com).
3. [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown)[^1].
4. [HTML](https://html.spec.whatwg.org)[^3].

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)/[VSCodium](https://vscodium.com) is not included here because I prefer [Emacs](https://www.gnu.org/s/emacs).

## Additional Skills

The other files present here demonstrate that I can also use:

1. [Guix](https://guix.gnu.org).
2. [Nix](https://nixos.org) and its experimental [Flakes](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes).
3. [Direnv](https://direnv.net).
4. [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org).
5. [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org) (to manage the references).

---

# References

This lists some interesting sources I used to learn things related to this current project.

[^1]: Answer to “markdown tag for document title” (2018). Stack Overflow. Available at: https://stackoverflow.com/a/52237238 (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
[^2]: Brazilian Cheese Bread (Pao de Queijo) (2024). Allrecipes. Available at: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/98554/brazilian-cheese-bread-pao-de-queijo (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
[^3]: thomson_matt (2011) Answer to “how to write fraction value using html?”. Stack Overflow. Available at: https://stackoverflow.com/a/7526005 (Accessed: March 28, 2025).

Commit message:

docs(README.md): document recipe
Document the recipe added in the previous commit (for Miso Soup).

README.md, after:

Odin Recipes
============

***First project of The Odin Project***

# Summary

This is the first project of [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com), used to test one's knowledge of the foundations so far.

---

# Recipes

## Pão de Queijo
[^2]

Cheese bread that apparently exists in other places in Latin America, not only Brazil. Gets kinda boring if you eat too much of it, but if you fill it with cream cheese it's perfect.

## Miso Soup
[^4]

Traditional japanese soup, composed of miso paste (japanese seasoning produced by fermenting beans or grains) and other ingredients.

---

# Skills

By the end of this project, I'll have demonstrated that I can use:

1. [Git](https://git-scm.com).
2. [GitHub](https://github.com).
3. [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown)[^1].
4. [HTML](https://html.spec.whatwg.org)[^3].

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)/[VSCodium](https://vscodium.com) is not included here because I prefer [Emacs](https://www.gnu.org/s/emacs).

## Additional Skills

The other files present here demonstrate that I can also use:

1. [Guix](https://guix.gnu.org).
2. [Nix](https://nixos.org) and its experimental [Flakes](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes).
3. [Direnv](https://direnv.net).
4. [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org).
5. [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org) (to manage the references).

---

# References

This lists some interesting sources I used to learn things related to this current project.

[^1]: Answer to “markdown tag for document title” (2018). Stack Overflow. Available at: https://stackoverflow.com/a/52237238 (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
[^2]: Brazilian Cheese Bread (Pao de Queijo) (2024). Allrecipes. Available at: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/98554/brazilian-cheese-bread-pao-de-queijo (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
[^3]: thomson_matt (2011) Answer to “how to write fraction value using html?”. Stack Overflow. Available at: https://stackoverflow.com/a/7526005 (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
[^4]: Miso Soup (2024). Allrecipes. Available at: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13107/miso-soup (Accessed: March 28, 2025).
